Laugh at our Fang family
What's there to talk about with someone like you?
Sect Master Fang, you are really a noble person who forgets things
I'll see you next week
Integrity is the sky
And you will speak next week.
Disregarding the covenant of the past
loss of trust
Why are you still standing this next week?
Full of nonsense
Our family has been trading for hundreds of years
It's always been the first to follow
Never broke his trust
What's the point of your slander?
Does the leader still remember
Ten years ago, the old master of the Fang family ascended Xuanji Gate I
Ten years ago.
Banned you say you are subject to evil
Exactly.
If I hadn't lent me a pair of eyes to break through the evil
You will add five to the peak next Wednesday
Lingyun is unparalleled
They don't even make it to 18.
It's you. I've been looking for you all these years
And the old alliance leader of your Fang family once promised
When the daughter of the Fang family turns 18
According to the marriage contract, we will fight with our country
Is this true?
This is indeed the case
Then I'm here today as scheduled
And your family married another family and set up this business
In the bag door, isn't this a breach of trust?
Not the Lost Fanglin
May I marry you as promised
Shut up and don't talk too much
Not to mention you, Mumang
Tell me who you are now
A person at the bottom of society
What qualifications do you have?
Marry the pearl of our Fang family's palm
Hmph, even if you are a real Valkyrie
Just a fool
What ability do you have to bring billions of assets to the Fang family?
What are you capable of?
Will the Fang family become a top family next week?